brick asphalt and wire fences dominate
the clashing landscape and we want to do
something about that and we all need
your help with the support of our
parents and community we want to
revitalize our school yard and create an
outdoor classroom that will help our
students connect with nature in a very
urban environment our students had a
chance earlier this year to discuss ways
to improve our school yard that included
an outdoor classroom right now teams of
students are working collaboratively to
design their vision of the outdoor
classroom using math skills critical
thinking and of course teamwork as
students we know there are many benefits
to after learning including an increased
appreciation for nature and an
understanding of the importance of
environmental stewardship outdoor
learning is inclusive and helps to build
community and a sense of belonging in
our school the clashing community to
2014 Olympian Cody Sorensen a member of
Canada's four-man bobsleigh team who
competed in the recent winter olympics
in sochi what does cody think about her
idea for an outdoor classroom he loves
it
along with Olympian Cody Sorenson
Glasson is also very proud to have
Canadian musician Bruce Coburn as a
supporter for our outdoor classroom
project as an Ottawa need Bruce Colburn
has been a strong supporter of the
environmental causes across Canada and
around the world he also has a great
concern for the well-being of children
and the important role in education has
in helping us lead successful and
productive lives the students at glaston
are truly grateful for Bruce Coburn
support and feel honored to have him as
part of our team thank you Bruce